    13-Nov-88 05:49 PST
Sb: LSL2
Fm: Guruka Singh Khalsa [71500,34]

Now... there's another major problem I'm afraid... not your problem per se
an SCI problem.  Dig this...  I filled an entire subdirectory with saves
(was at the airport and got nabbed by Hairy Kirshners with about 240 pts)
and SCI prompted me for a savegame file to delete and replace with another,
the dialog window opened asking me to supply a name for the new save and the
keyboard locked up.  I clicked on OK with the mouse and the window closed,
disk activity occurred as the file was saved (or so I thought) and upon
returning to the game I attempted to restore and found my save subdirectory
EMPTY!  No saves shown at all!  I clicked on 'restore' with no save selected
and was told "this game saved under a different interpreter -- unable to
restore game". I Ctrl-Q'd out and looked in the subdirectory from DOS and
all the save files were there. Restarted the game and sill found NO saved
games listed at all, and am completely unable to restore anything. This is
in the final release version!
 
Hooboy... ok, now it's back to the top to start all over again.  I don't
have the time to do it today so it'll have to wait for later in the week.
What a drag.  I hope some innocent players don't get bitten by this one
right near the end of the game.
 
    15-Nov-88 06:54 PST
Sb: SCI bombout
Fm: Guruka Singh Khalsa [71500,34]

Al -
       That bombout during the save/restore in LSL2 was a mess.  I ended up
with tons of lost clusters. The save files were munged terribly. I ran a
string filter on one of the .CHK files that chkdsk recovered and am sending
it to you via Plex as BOMBOUT.ARC I'm sure the contents will look familiar
to you. Hope COMDEX is fun!
 
.....G


